I'm really excited for Hyperlid now for
the reason that they have access to like
oil, gold, silver, XYZ, and whatever
comes out in the future because, you
know, clearly crypto is in a little bit
of a bare market right now. But what's
cool is that if they get enough HIP3
markets going, then they're not like it
doesn't matter. There's always going to
be a trender. So, that's kind of what
I'm looking into today. I want to mess
with the war trade a bit, but in
reality, it's much bigger than that,
right? Because the war trade is just the
trending trade. What's trending? Well,
that.
So, you know, I've built trending bots
many times on Hyperlquid
and I haven't done it for HIPP3 yet. So,
when there's not a lot of crypto
trenders, that's not good. So now HIPP3
which allows them to put like gold and
silver and XYZ
oil on Hyperlid. I think that's a pretty
big opportunity not just for us but
for them hyperlquid in the space in
general.